---

Tim Julian Möller
PhD candidate in computational psychiatry, Psychologist, Practitioner for Psychotherapy, Neuroscientist, University lecturer in Berlin, Germany

-

Research Interests
I am interested in the Neurophenomenology of patients with schizophrenia. I am mainly working with VR/AR- Technology, Eye-Tracking, Arduino-prototyping, ECG, and EEG. 

-

Teaching
I have been teaching psychobiological principles of psychological disorders,  clinical psychology, settings in psychotherapy, developmental psychology, developmental disorders, Psychology of Motivation, Historical and philosophical foundations of psychology, Neuropsychology, and scientific writing at different universities and other institutions.


My story
I am a Psychologist and finished writing my dissertation in computational psychiatry at the Humboldt University of Berlin. I specialize in schizophrenia and disorders of the self in psychiatry.
I am currently in training to be a Psychotherapist at the IVB Institute for Behavior Therapy Berlin.
I teach scientific writing, Psychobiology of psychological disorders, and Settings in clinical Psychology at the International Psychoanalytic University of Berlin,  developmental Psychology at the  Elbe-Weser Welten gGmbH, and Psychology of Motivation, Historical and philosophical foundations of Psychology, and clinical Psychology at the Touro University Berlin


https://www.ipu-berlin.de/lehrbeauftragte/moeller-tim/
https://eww.de/startseite
https://www.touroberlin.de/about-us#faculty_permanent


My projects
 I am interested in Psychotherapy as well as in clinical research at the Charité University medicine Berlin and Humboldt-University Berlin. You can find some of my work in the section 'Scientific projects'.
I am working with virtual and augmented reality, Eye-Tracking, Electroencephalography, and Arduino-prototyping.
Special interest is in psychiatric disorders, especially self-disorders like schizophrenia, but also developmental disorders.


--- form element

Work with me
If you are interest in a collaboration in a scientific project,  in my service as a lecturer, or any other inquires,  please contact me via email at tim.julian.moeller@gmail.com or through my contact form. 
name: x
subject: x
message: x
----
